README.md, before:

# 🧠 Project Satori

A full-stack, AI-powered platform built with FastAPI (backend) and React (frontend). This repository contains both the backend and frontend code, fully containerized with Docker for easy deployment.

---

## 📂 Repository Structure

```plaintext
satori/
├── .gitignore
├── docker-compose.yml
├── README.md
├── backend/
└── frontend/
```

---

## ⚙️ Backend

The backend is a self-contained FastAPI application built with Poetry for dependency management and Alembic for database migrations.

```plaintext
backend/
├── alembic/
├── alembic.ini
├── app/
│   ├── ai/
│   │   ├── agents/
│   │   └── models/
│   ├── api/
│   │   └── v1/
│   │       ├── api.py
│   │       └── routes/
│   ├── core/
│   ├── crud/
│   ├── db/
│   ├── models/
│   ├── schemas/
│   └── services/
├── scripts/
├── tests/
├── Dockerfile
├── Dockerfile.dev
└── pyproject.toml
```

---

## 🖥️ Frontend

The frontend is a modern React application built with Vite, providing a fast development experience and optimized production build.

```plaintext
frontend/
├── .gitignore
├── Dockerfile
├── Dockerfile.dev
├── nginx.conf
├── package.json
├── vite.config.js
└── src/
    ├── App.jsx
    └── index.css
```

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) & [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/)

### Pure Docker Workflow

```bash
docker-compose up --build
```

Access the app: [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173)

---

## 🔑 Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in `satori/backend/` with the following variables:

```env
# Security (generate a new one for your instance)
SECRET_KEY="<generate_with_openssl_rand_hex_32>"

# Google Gemini API
GOOGLE_API_KEY="<your_google_ai_api_key_with_billing_enabled>"
```

---

## 📈 Project Status

- **Phase 1** — Backend Data Engine ✅
- **Phase 2** — AI Agent Layer ✅
- **Phase 3** — Frontend UI & Full-Stack Integration ✅
- **Phase 4** — Intelligent Growth Platform (Roadmap & Recommendations) ✅ (Core Features Complete)
- **Phase 5** — Intelligent growth platform (scalable mentor, skill tree, real-time market insights) 🛣️ (planned)

---

## 🧑‍💻 Development Notes

- The frontend is built with **Vite and React**, providing a modern, fast development experience.
- The backend uses **FastAPI and asynchronous SQLAlchemy 2.0**.
- The entire architecture is containerized and ready for scalable deployment.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are what make a team project thrive. We follow the standard GitHub Flow for collaboration.

1. **Never push directly to `main`**. The `main` branch is protected and should always be stable.
2. For now, the `dev` branch is also protected. You must open pull requests to `dev` as well.
3. Create a new **Branch** for your feature (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`).
5. Push to your Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
6. Open a **Pull Request** against the `dev` branch for review (later this will change to `main`).

---

## 📜 License

```txt
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Project Satori

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

Add implementation video and development notes
Added a section for an implementation video and updated development notes.

README.md, after:

# 🧠 Project Satori

A full-stack, AI-powered platform built with FastAPI (backend) and React (frontend). This repository contains both the backend and frontend code, fully containerized with Docker for easy deployment.

---

## 📂 Repository Structure

```plaintext
satori/
├── .gitignore
├── docker-compose.yml
├── README.md
├── backend/
└── frontend/
```

---

## ⚙️ Backend

The backend is a self-contained FastAPI application built with Poetry for dependency management and Alembic for database migrations.

```plaintext
backend/
├── alembic/
├── alembic.ini
├── app/
│   ├── ai/
│   │   ├── agents/
│   │   └── models/
│   ├── api/
│   │   └── v1/
│   │       ├── api.py
│   │       └── routes/
│   ├── core/
│   ├── crud/
│   ├── db/
│   ├── models/
│   ├── schemas/
│   └── services/
├── scripts/
├── tests/
├── Dockerfile
├── Dockerfile.dev
└── pyproject.toml
```

---

## 🖥️ Frontend

The frontend is a modern React application built with Vite, providing a fast development experience and optimized production build.

```plaintext
frontend/
├── .gitignore
├── Dockerfile
├── Dockerfile.dev
├── nginx.conf
├── package.json
├── vite.config.js
└── src/
    ├── App.jsx
    └── index.css
```

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) & [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/)

### Pure Docker Workflow

```bash
docker-compose up --build
```

Access the app: [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173)

---

## 🔑 Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in `satori/backend/` with the following variables:

```env
# Security (generate a new one for your instance)
SECRET_KEY="<generate_with_openssl_rand_hex_32>"

# Google Gemini API
GOOGLE_API_KEY="<your_google_ai_api_key_with_billing_enabled>"
```

---

## 📈 Project Status

- **Phase 1** — Backend Data Engine ✅
- **Phase 2** — AI Agent Layer ✅
- **Phase 3** — Frontend UI & Full-Stack Integration ✅
- **Phase 4** — Intelligent Growth Platform (Roadmap & Recommendations) ✅ (Core Features Complete)
- **Phase 5** — Intelligent growth platform (scalable mentor, skill tree, real-time market insights) 🛣️ (planned)

---

## 🎬 Implementation Video

Watch a demo of Satori in action:

[![Watch the video](https://youtu.be/0-4kdqm1mLY?si=SCBzCmObD4oHNWzY)](https://youtu.be/0-4kdqm1mLY?si=SCBzCmObD4oHNWzY)

---


## 🧑‍💻 Development Notes

- The frontend is built with **Vite and React**, providing a modern, fast development experience.
- The backend uses **FastAPI and asynchronous SQLAlchemy 2.0**.
- The entire architecture is containerized and ready for scalable deployment.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are what make a team project thrive. We follow the standard GitHub Flow for collaboration.

1. **Never push directly to `main`**. The `main` branch is protected and should always be stable.
2. For now, the `dev` branch is also protected. You must open pull requests to `dev` as well.
3. Create a new **Branch** for your feature (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`).
5. Push to your Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
6. Open a **Pull Request** against the `dev` branch for review (later this will change to `main`).

---

## 📜 License

```txt
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Project Satori

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
